Support freq="W" in standardized indices (#1952)
Ouranosinc/xclim: CHANGELOG.rst

* ``xclim.indices.run_length.runs_with_holes`` allows to input a condition that must be met for a run to start and a second condition that must be met for the run to stop. (:pull:`1778`).
* New generic compute function ``xclim.indices.generic.thresholded_events`` that finds events based on a threshold condition and returns basic stats for each. See also ``xclim.indices.run_length.find_events``. (:pull:`1778`).
* ``xclim.core.units.rate2amount`` and ``xclim.core.units.amount2rate`` can now also accept quantities (pint objects or strings), in which case the ``dim`` argument must be the ``time`` coordinate through which we can find the sampling rate. (:pull:`1778`).

> * `xclim.indices.stats.standardized_index` now supports a weekly resampling frequency. Only standard calendar is supported for this mode. (:issue:`1892`, :pull:`1952`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``xclim.indices.stats.standardized_index`` now supports a weekly resampling frequency. Only "standard" calendar is supported for this mode. (:issue:`1892`, :pull:`1952`)
```

* ``xclim.indices.run_length.runs_with_holes`` allows to input a condition that must be met for a run to start and a second condition that must be met for the run to stop. (:pull:`1778`).
* New generic compute function ``xclim.indices.generic.thresholded_events`` that finds events based on a threshold condition and returns basic stats for each. See also ``xclim.indices.run_length.find_events``. (:pull:`1778`).
* ``xclim.core.units.rate2amount`` and ``xclim.core.units.amount2rate`` can now also accept quantities (pint objects or strings), in which case the ``dim`` argument must be the ``time`` coordinate through which we can find the sampling rate. (:pull:`1778`).

> * ``xclim.indices.stats.standardized_index`` now supports a weekly resampling frequency. Only "standard" calendar is supported for this mode. (:issue:`1892`, :pull:`1952`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* ``xclim.indices.stats.standardized_index`` now supports a weekly resampling frequency. Only "standard" calendars using numpy's `datetime64` dtype are supported for this mode. (:issue:`1892`, :pull:`1952`)
```
